Oh
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Thank you for joining me.
I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The message is very clear.
This is for all the marbles.
This is about the children, the grandchildren of Earth, and that's why there's a fake anti-vax movement in America.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I want us to seek the truth together.
I want us to start to understand why endemicity is
is an illusion.
It's a mythology.
Everything is based on this myth.
The idea that an RNA molecule can go from a mud puddle to everywhere.
And there is no biological basis for that idea.
There is a great biological basis for taking a
irreducibly complex background of genetic signals, and using a very shitty set of non-specific PCR tests, pretending that something's spreading when it's not.
They made the transfections safe by rolling them out with placebo.
This also made it really easy to talk about hitting a billion-shot manufacturing target without sneezing at it.
And finally, using their test to find their ghost doesn't make their ghost real, nor does it make you a Ghostbuster, but there were people all over the internet
telling you that that was exactly what you needed to be fighting for.
More tests, more sequencing, the virus is evolving, and in reality this was all carefully timed decades in the making.
The Human Genome Project needs to collect this data before it's gone.
collect the data from this population pyramid before it collapses.
All the population pyramids in the Western world and in China are in danger of collapse.
The population pyramid of India isn't too in danger of collapse, but this anticipated rise in all-cause mortality that can be seen clearly in that population pyramid there of the United States was used to create the illusion of a pandemic.
They whined about people in hospitals when they knew it was gonna be more.
They whined about a respiratory disease in the hospitals when they knew there would be more.
And then they called it viral so that they didn't have to treat it.
And so again, I can't stress enough.
If you just look at this graph right here, you can already see that it's rising.
And if you look at the Y-axis, you can see that what was a fluctuation between 50,000 and 60,000 deaths per week in America back in 2014 has become a fluctuation between 70,000 and 60,000 per week.
And that was an anticipated rise that you could see in the population pyramid
temporal graph that I just showed you.
And you can see that by taking this all cause mortality, maybe taking good care of some old folks for an extra year, and then a little bit of murder and lies could have sculpted that into something that they could misconstrue as a pandemic if they just showed it to you like this.
And that is precisely what they did.
Now the trick is to remember that in all the other graphs around the world, this signal is comparatively small, especially in 2020 and 2021.
And that's because they specifically murdered people in America by a whole list of reasons to take advantage of this rise in all cause mortality.
sculpted it using murder and lies, and those murder and lies can be codified in a list.
Many of them are present in the trial of Grace Shara.
The question is, will they adequately represent this as what it really is?
And the mistake is already being made.
I'll just say it, that Mary Talley Bowden is on Joe Rogan saying that they euthanized these people.
They euthanized people.
But the problem with that is Mary Bowden, and I think Mary Bowden must know this, and I think Joe Rogan must just be an idiot, but to euthanize someone requires informed consent.
In order to euthanize someone, you need informed consent.
And so is Mary Talley Bowden really so bad at basic biological ethics that she would misconstrue blatant murder as euthanizing people in hospitals?
would she call the intentional euthanization of, that's what she called it, intentionally euthanizing people.
No, that's not possible because euthanizing people implies that it's intentional and it implies that you have informed consent.
And so it looks like the script that's been provided to Mary Talley Bowden by Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan is now falling apart.
because they have no more words to describe it besides murder.
And they're still not calling it murder.
They're calling it intentional euthanization.
And now you can see that there's getting very little room left to interpret Maurice Talley Bowden as anything but either an idiot or a willing collaborator in this absolutely malevolent script that has used murder in America, has used murder in America to lie about the pandemic phenomenon around the world.
and maybe murder in Scotland and a few other places, but in particular in America, because there were places, of course, that locked down and didn't experience this and experienced versions of the virus that were evolutionarily behind, you know, like less than this.
Where did my fricking coffee go?
Maybe I didn't get any yet.
Sorry, I didn't mean to say it like that.
I just lost it, though.
I don't know where it went.
Maybe it's because it's still coming.
So RNA cannot pandemic.
Intramuscular injection is really not medicine.
Transfecting healthy people was always a crime, and that's why they needed a lot of these people out there not to say it.
And why that recording from 2022 from Heather Haying is so damning because, again, I told her in 2021, I explained it.
frame by frame on signal.
And there are other people who were in that signal chat that are also guilty in this crime of not telling people that it was transfection all along, of not allowing people to have the informed consent that this had nothing to do with vaccines, nevermind the fact that vaccines themselves are a myth.
And that's where the confounding hamster wheel that was present on social media was virtually impossible for any of us to see through, because even the people that were arguing with each other were on the same malevolent script, avoiding the discussion of the population pyramid, the problem that needed managing, and the biological signal that could be misconstrued as the myth of a novel virus.
I mean, we can't win any better than this.
If in the first five minutes of my stream, I can always explain it just the same way with different words, just randomly pulling them out, just trying to make the point.
It is very hard to interpret the last six years any other way than as a military operation orchestrated on social media by actors put in place.
And yes, behind them is this bad biology.
They're protecting this mythology of biology 101 that lazy, irresponsible people have put on us over these many decades.
But ultimately, in order to understand what I'm saying on this slide right here, you don't need to go very deep into the biology.
Because everything that we believe about evolution is based on DNA, not RNA.
And DNA has all these magical chemical and physical properties that allow it to be the flawless transmitter of heredity over millions of years of evolution according to their bad biology.
And yet RNA possesses none of those magical qualities at all.
and instead wanders around in a world where one of the most common enzymes is an enzyme that degrades RNA, RNase.
It's everywhere.
Now that's pretty remarkable.
You don't need to learn a lot of biology to understand that intramuscular injection is not medicine because your immune system isn't designed that way because
Virtually any exposure to a poison by any other means is better than having it injected via needle into your muscle.
Anything.
And you can make the analogy of any potentially toxified mixture of substances and then just run down the list.
What if I put it in my eye?
What if I smeared it on my face?
What if I ate it?
What if I accidentally inhaled it?
What if I put it in a needle and injected it?
And you can put virtually anything in that blank.
And you can see why putting it in a needle and injecting it is, it just becomes absurd.
And for only some very, very interesting pure substances diluted in saline, could you even imagine a scenario where intramuscular injection might be equivalent to IV?
And then you see the issue, right?
Because none of you would think about using an IV drug casually.
But you're fine with the doctor just kind of, you know, or a nurse even just kind of, you know, putting something in there, maybe on both sides.
And we were all brought there by a malevolent machine that started all the way back with HIV.
all the way back with chronic fatigue syndrome, all the way back with Judy Mikovits' show on Nevada Public TV, all the way back to when Robert Malone still thought that in 10 years there would be geneticists in every hospital curing diseases with retroviruses, all the way back to the original lie of David Baltimore about discovering reverse transcriptase and it not being a enzyme inside of our own cells in our own body.
Ladies and gentlemen, you don't need to be a biological expert to understand that this was always called transfection before the pandemic.
And so it was vital and super important, like ridiculously important for them to get out in front of it and make sure that nobody ever realized that.
The only excuse that we've been given is that Robert Malone was lied to by Peter Cullis about the fact that this particular lipid nanoparticle would do something different than all the other lipid nanoparticles that came before it, and that's go everywhere without control.
We were lied to directly on our silly part of the internet by Robert Wallace Malone.
That Peter Cullis told him, lied to him,
about the localization of a lipid nanoparticle by a guy who knows that lipid nanoparticles never stay where they're put.
They go to the liver and to platelets.
And there are hundreds of papers that describe this as the default, and therefore probably what we should focus on if we're going to use lipid nanoparticles for anything, platelet therapy and liver-directed therapy.
And yesterday I showed you a video of the FDA director and the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research director bragging about the fact that they had used a lipid nanoparticle to transform or transfect the liver of a newborn to try and edit its genome with CRISPR-Cas9.
And that's not by accident.
We are not there by accident.
We are there by a carefully scripted narrative produced by Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan and other people involved in this who I'm sure are not out on social media making fools of themselves because they're not paid to do it.
I don't think Robert Malone is going to enjoy his job very much longer.
I don't think that Kevin McKernan is going to be around much longer.
I don't think they can keep promoting Kevin McCairn.
Now Kevin McCairn is on the sub stack of Peter McCullough.
Like this, this is going to break because this truth could have come out in 2021, maybe even the end of 2020.
And instead of the,
health freedom movement splintering into a million pieces that are all headed by these malevolent actors like World Council for Health, and Heart, and Panda, and the International COVID Summits, and IMA that was originally FLCCC, and Brownstone, and Children's Health Defense, and ICANN, and Door to Freedom, and Rescue the Republic.
and the NCI in Canada, instead of coming all together on a simple banner, we keep organizing around abstract things like rise and resist, people over profits, truth over lying, courage over fear, or abstract things like, man, Dr. Cooey don't have anything to say.
You don't have to support me.
You don't have to share any of my work other than this slide right here and find some MD or some PhD or some MD PhD who can explain to me why RNA can pandemic, who can explain to me why intramuscular injection of a combination of substances is a great idea.
And here's the nearly endless list of examples.
Why won't anybody prove to me that this wasn't always just a transfection and there was no reason to believe that Peter Cullis had invented anything other than a new manufacturing process that would allow all of that to be, I don't know, patented?
Claimed as intellectual property?
Because otherwise it would just be lipid nanoparticles.
The fact that nobody's on this idea, nobody's paying attention to how the intellectual property space and biologics has changed over the last five years as a result of what's gone on here.
It's all just, you know, Elon Musk is not having good friendship with Mr. Trumpy Trump.
America is under attack and we are chasing myths and ghosts and mysteries and bullshit.
And it doesn't matter what side of the political narrative you're on, you're lost, because it's very simple.
And they're hiding it behind this bad biology that everybody thinks they understand, and it's very simple, and it's not.
actually j.j cooey's insistence and i think he's right on calling them transfections rather than vaccines actually j.j cooey's insistence and i think he's right on calling them transfections rather than vaccines actually j.j cooey's
Your latest video with Paul was amazing, JJ.
Wow, that's a very nice compliment.
Thank you very much.
Can you hear me better now or not?
Yes, much better.
It was really like it nailed down two things for me, but I finally really understand the infectious clone idea.
And I think it's very, very likely what happened.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
And if this is scripted bullshit, and this is scripted bullshit, then where are we?
Who's running Marty Makary?
Who's running Vinay Prasad?
Who's behind these puppets?
Because these are not real people.
That's the question you need to be asking now, and I think it's a Trojan horse.
I think we're under attack.
There are people who have inspired a lot of thought for me, people like J.J.
Cooey, you know, who's regarded by a few people as, by some people, as sort of this kind of savant or idiot or something that, whose ideas are just too terrible and too incompatible with the biology that they learned, and in many ways, you know, they are.
I will contend that this was a national security operation from day one.
I will contend that because this was a national security operation, we have all come to accept PCR as an accepted diagnostic standard.
We've also come to accept sequencing as a high fidelity measurement.
We've come to accept intramuscular injection as proven beyond question as a methodology in medicine.
We have come to accept that RNA obviously has huge military potential because it can go by itself.
It has nothing to do with how much you can make or how much recombinant DNA you can make and the fact that you can put that places and it might do things, that you can transfect things.
They want you to believe that RNA can do something all by itself, and in fact we've come to believe that.
We've also come to believe that Trump was shot about an hour north of my house.
by a kid who went to the same high school as my kid goes to.
But we don't know anything about that kid and we're not supposed to care because his presence on social media is irrelevant to understanding what happened in Butler, Pennsylvania.
His sons are also not curious about all about the scar and Donald Trump doesn't have a big enough ego to brag about his scar or his absolutely amazing surgeon.
Also, the mystery of the lab leak was solved, and it's pretty much figured out that this probably came from a laboratory.
So America's health problems are gonna be more complicated than we thought to solve, because there's, of course, everything from petroleum-based dyes to seed oils to toxins in the water and fluoride and glyphosate and chemtrails.
And so it's gonna be complicated, but we should all be very happy because at least Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
got in as Health and Human Services Secretary.
Now, I think that's all bullshit play.
I don't think that actually was the plan.
I think the best way to what I would describe it, I drew it over here.
Maybe I'm not going to draw it again.
I'll just show you what I was looking at.
I drew this this morning right before the thing.
So this is the notes I was taking yesterday.
So what I think they did was they did this little Trojan horse with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
These guys are all
It's really a Trojan donkey because a lot of them are actually just Democrats, lifelong Democrats.
You know, a lot of them give a lot of money to the Democratic National Committee like Steve Kirsch and Robert Malone and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And so as Peter Hotez so eloquently stated on the ZDogg podcast in 2019, one of the few issues that can unite the far left and the far right in America is the anti-vax issue.
the skepticism, the health freedom idea.
And so interestingly enough, I think that people like Steve Bannon understood this and people working the national security beat in America who realized that there was a rise in all cause mortality coming and they were gonna have to do something with it and about it.
It was an opportunity, a once in a multi-generational opportunity to reorganize the way that we govern our populace.
And so they created this illusion of a pandemic and they anticipated that both people on the left and people on the right would resist it, would speak out against it.
They've already tested it and seen what happens with AIDS and with chronic fatigue syndrome and with these other, they know.
And so they spun us into this health freedom movement.
They had this health freedom movement ready to go.
That's why Columbia professor and strangely androgynous Mary Holland finds herself in all these weird pictures with all these real people.
That's why Mary Holland is in all those pictures with all those real people who are now dead.
like Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn, both of whom died in 2020, the same year that Robert F. Kennedy decided to promote none other than Judy Mikovits from his house.
Also a lady who has a lot of people die around her.
And also a lady who was on stage with Brandy Vaughn who's dead.
Interesting, that is.
Anyway, so if you rooted for him, you know, then you might be satisfied with him as Health and Human Services Secretary.
And if you were afraid of him, then you're just glad that he didn't get to be president.
Holy shit, can you imagine that?
And so this play worked perfectly, much in the same way that the Trump play works.
Because if you don't like Trump, well, then he is a weapon against you.
And if you like Trump, well, he's a weapon against you.
It's the same with Robert F. Kennedy Jr., if he's on the same team as Trump and Hillary Clinton and Obama and all these other people.
Because then if you liked Robert F. Kennedy Jr., well, then you just got Marty McCary and Vinay Prasad and Jayanta Bhattacharya, all of whom have no allegiance to America at all, into the highest places in HHS, and you got a stooge at the top.
I really think that it's a Trojan horse, and I don't even know if Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is clever enough to know how played we have been as a country.
and how much he has betrayed the grandchildren of America.
I'm, I'm, I'm very happy to say that, um, I don't, I don't know.
I really don't know.
I just know that this is bullshit.
I know for sure that this little lineup of people, these people being where they are, the story that they have.
their connections to the FDA and its modernization during the time of Estes Kefauver, his dad and his dad, his dad, his wife, his connections to Goldman Sachs, Aaron Siri's connection to Goldman Sachs.
These aren't very hard conspiracy maps to make anymore.
They're not very hard to see.
The infiltration of foreigners with dual passports into our government is not very hard to see.
They put them all on the same screen at the same time.
Sometimes they all do podcasts together.
And yet, the mainstream media can't see it, the right can't see it, the investigative people like Kim Iverson can't see it.
Boy, it's hard to tell what's going on.
Even people like Dan Cohen are so focused on Israel and Gaza and Zionism and Judaism and making sure people know the definition of all those words that they aren't able to see that the U.S.
government has been completely undermined except through the lens of that.
Because of course that guy is totally Zionist or something like that.
It's all bullshit, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm sorry.
If you want to save America, you got to see that there are obvious pressure points, obvious ways to undermine the current administration and justify just throwing them out.
And it doesn't matter if you're left or right.
You could see this if you're on the right.
You can see it if you're on the left.
If you were a former, you know, Joe Biden and Harris supporter and you wanted to discredit the Trump administration, I've got it for you right here.
I can go on for hours about why they should be discredited.
They should be suspected.
of covering up the murder in America.
And we can, of course, delineate what murder in America we're specifically talking about and how you might find it.
But we have somebody like John Baldwin running around with Steve Kirsch, ignoring the fact, not looking at any medical records to find out how many, what percentage of these people that they claim died from the shot, or died from COVID, or died from whatever, started by going to the hospital and accepting supplementary oxygen.
They're so unable to say it, it's kind of comical for how long we've been saying it.
It's in fact, I think the reason why Jessica Hockett burnt her relationship with us, because we started to realize that when we put two and two together with the Kyle Seidel video and the Pierre Kory show, that only she was able to provoke a multiple sub stack video response from Pierre Kory point to point.
Only she was able to get an audience with the staff of His Grace, Senator Ron Johnson, even though Senator Ron Johnson called me in April of 2022 in my front yard and told me that Robert Malone sat him down and said, watch this guy's stream.
Stop lying.
We have been played, ladies and gentlemen.
Unfortunately, I have been played like a fiddle.
by a lot of these people who only in retrospect can I see how malevolently orchestrated their bullshit was.
So malevolently orchestrated, I think I have a wonderful book in the works.
Trump's shooting was faked.
The mystery was the enchantment.
In other words, solving the mystery of the lab leak is what has convinced everybody that COVID was real, that it really happened.
And then you have people like, you know,
Peter McCullough and Pierre Corey running around telling you all the real they saw, all the real, all the time.
So Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as HHS Secretary is just a distraction.
It's supposed to make you feel like we want a goal.
But actually, the debate about Cali means and Casey means is a distraction from this.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is the Trojan horse, the, I don't know if the Manchurian candidate fits, but he was basically brought to believe that he had a chance to win the White House, and they played him like a fiddle, and now they have him there doing whatever they tell him to do, saying that he prayed to God and God brought him Trump.
Come on.
Come on!
How many times did he repeat that line, that he prays 30 minutes a day?
And God brought him Trump.
He didn't say it just once.
Solving America's health problems is not on the agenda, ladies and gentlemen.
Inverting our children's sovereignty to experimental animal status is on the agenda.
The Trump administration did not submit a budget.
This is not a first-time president.
This is not a first-time administration.
He's had four years to plan.
He's had four years to strategize.
He's had four years to populate a potential cabinet and staff that would whoop some serious patriotic ass.
Instead, he came into office.
He's sending the National Guard to do what?
He's having a fight with Elon Musk?
He's talking about Bitcoin and opening his own crypto coin.
Blatantly taking money from foreign governments and everybody's supposed to get all angry about it.
The incompetence is here.
The sabotage is at the NIH and at the FDA and at the HHS.
It's not the crypto shit.
Palantir making a database?
Ooh, like they didn't already do that.
Palantir was in charge of the data for the Israeli vax rollout.
Palantir is in charge of the data for the deployment of military action in Israel.
Palantir is responsible for so many things that when they announced that Palantir is building a database, who gives a shit?
Of course they are.
They already did.
On every slide, the first slide, I have quotes.
And I know that you don't read them at all, because you don't need to read them to pass or get a good grade.
But this one is pretty cool.
The quote from Alice in Wonderland.
One can't believe impossible things, said Alice.
I dare say you haven't had much practice, said the Queen, why sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
So that's totally suitable for this lecture.
A lot of impossible things are going to happen today.
the masks, or behind, you know, proper testing, or behind the six-foot distancing, the two-meter distancing, or behind these shots, right, this technology that has never been used widely.
None of that is over.
And as Sasha Latifa pointed out this morning, you know, these were
military operations, but they were global military operations, right?
Every country had exactly the same narrative.
I was fortunate to be able to travel during COVID because I had natural immunity.
Having had it for two days, I took ivermectin, I was fine.
And so I saw, you know, two meters, masks, you know, be afraid, stay at home, lockdown, you know, schools closed, businesses tanked.
All of that was on a global basis.
All of that was on an American basis.
She's a liar.
You can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
We could call them peasants or poor people or they're jungle people coming out of native cultures that haven't had the benefit of a Western education, choosing my words.
And so they would have these vaccine campaigns for yellow fever.
These people would go get their yellow fever shot.
And then they would say, well, if one is good, two is better.
They get back in line.
And they get another shot, they kill them.
OK, that that's that's the nature of these hotter live attenuated vaccines is it's just a question like everything of getting the dose right.
And if you exceed it, it'll get you.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones.
You know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, and it's measles plus.
Okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles, because not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and it's not, it's, there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency because it has to be.
Concerned.
But one thing I am confident of from everything I've read is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
All right, let's start this show up I know that I do a lot of introductions lately I've kind of was I was trying to avoid that stuff and and start right away with the main programming but it just seems really important right now to make sure that every stream I start with a very succinct message about what actually happened because
So many people want to start out by saying that, you know, I'm calling too many people out, or I'm a creep, or I'm mean for saying that people are not sending the right thing to me.
It's all on X, it's all on social media.
The only non-compliance that matters is getting off of social media, because that's where these people perform.
That's where they perform this ridiculous performance where they claim they haven't learned anything in five years.
And six years, they still haven't figured out that Autism Spectrum Disorder is obviously a myth.
You know, that's preventing people from under- Oh wait, what happened there?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I think we need a new, we gotta go here.
There we go.
Sorry, Brett.
Brian, Brett.
Um, intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, virology is never questioned as a science, and public health is never questioned as a reason.
And in fact, that's why they used a pandemic narrative of gain of function to coerce us into believing the same things.
Worse yet, we're in danger of teaching this to the next generation and that would be a disaster because they will be enslaved by that mythology.
If you don't understand why the cheese is free on social media, then you will die in that trap.
And I really mean that.
This is important.
We need to get our kids off of it.
We need to get ourselves off of it.
Because the only reason why they can achieve the level of ignoring this biology that they've been able to achieve is because of our general acquiescence to social media.
If you continue to try and find the truth using social media as a tool, you won't find it.
And if you continue to try and encourage people to do that, they won't find it.
You have to share this stream directly.
You have to share GigaOMBiological.com.
You have to share a clip that Jeff has made.
You have to share these images, these ideas, these slide decks.
You have to do something besides retweeting and besides playing their game because if you don't stay focused on the biology and don't stop taking their bait on social media and loving your neighbor instead, you know, loving your neighbor by sending them an email, it won't get anywhere.
Ladies and gentlemen, the voice that you hear is that of Jonathan Cui.
I'm Chief Biologist at Gigoland Biological.
I come to you live out of the garage of my house in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
You can see the evidence of my academic work on the National Library of Medicine website, PubMed.
You can also see my ideas poorly represented on a substack called Woodhouse 76 that's currently written by a trader from, I believe, Chicago, Illinois.
Her name is Jessica Hockett.
He is collaborating with a couple people from other countries.
One from the UK by the name of Jonathan Engler in Panda and Heart.
And one by the name of Nick Hudson in Panda of South Africa.
And these people are all malevolent traders.
They're all primarily active on X.
which just happens to be the platform of Elon Musk.
And so I think it's pretty easy to see it now, although people are not going to want to accept it, that just our acquiescence to running to the truth on social media and thinking that the problem was being solved on X, that the argument that we needed to participate in was in the town hall meeting on X, that's why we're losing.
And in fact, you know, that was what I was also encouraged to do while I was working for Robert F. Kennedy Jr., while I worked for Children's Health Defense, we were encouraged to believe that X was important.
And in fact, when I took this picture, or actually it's neither of these pictures, there's another picture actually, that I took with Jay Bhattacharya, he suggested that I put that on Twitter right now and everybody will really freak out.
And of course I didn't post it, because I don't do what I'm told, and because I've never really understood why it would be that this random dude from the Great Barrington Declaration would show up at a broken science meeting where Rodney Mullen had brought me.
Anyway, now this
I believe, traitor to America's grandchildren, is at the head of NIH and he has no professional business being there.
This guy's at the head of HHS and I'm afraid that he might be, well, a shell of a man.
We have a Columbia professor and, I don't know, co-opted former government genetic research employee, Brian Hooker, at the head of Children's Health Defense.
And these are all front organizations that have essentially co-opted any useful resistance that would have formed in America to the pandemic and to the ever-expanded vaccination schedule, specifically in America, and making sure that Americans didn't realize that unlike any other country in the world, their children were being destroyed by intramuscular injection.
That's why Pauly Tommy was on billboards 15 or 20 years ago advocating for autism awareness, not trying to save any children.
That's why Andrew Wakefield was asking for three separate shots and not trying to save any children.
These people are all malevolent actors that have been chosen, groomed, and put in place.
And then social media has been used to promote them in an artificial way that makes them seem legit, but they're not.
One of the worst examples is Asim Malhotra from the UK.
That guy deserves to be run over by a car.
But karma will get all of these people, I'm sure.
At some point, they will realize and come to understand how selling out
future generations of people was a huge mistake.
And selling out the future generations of America to this global operation was a huge mistake.
I'm still streaming to JC in the Woods, although I think I could switch to JC on a bike again.
But I got to be really careful about using copyrighted material because I don't want to get that channel erased.
If you're wondering how this works, it's because there's just a few generous people out there, about 115 people.
Some of them give me $10 a month.
A few of them give me a little more.
A couple of them give me a lot more.
And that results in a budget of less than $4,000 a month that pays for our rent and operates our food and pays the bills plus the credit cards.
That's it.
and the credit cards are growing, but I don't have a choice.
What other things can I do?
I'm getting, I have day job.
I mean, I'll make a little things to make the ends meet, but I can't stop this.
And this needs to be ours.
This needs to be publications.
This needs to be videos.
This needs to be... I mean, this can't stop.
This has to multiply.
And nobody seems to understand that.
Nobody seems to want to spread this.
But if you do, or want to help with it, please go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to do it.
If you want to download that McKinsey report that will explain to you how devastating the population outlook is in the Western world, you can download it at that link up there called Stuff.
If you want to see my admission as to how I was fooled, you can look at that Scooby link and you can find the review that I wrote that informed Brett Weinstein for his first, this couple years after that.
The review I wrote with, who I think is a arch trader,
Piper Stover, one of the worst liars in this.
And if you want to follow somebody who I think is worth following, I think I would recommend you follow HousatonicITS at housatonicits.com.
He has a YouTube channel and a Twitch channel.
I don't think he can stream on YouTube right now for the same reason that I can't because he's talking about Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn and the realities of this illusion that they've created for the benefit of the Human Genome Project.
And so it's about intellectual property and it's about big plans for a technocracy, about big plans for a once in a multi-generational opportunity to collect data.
And the only people who are going to tell you that are on something called an independent bright web, not the internet,
not on social media.
You're gonna have to share this manually.
You're gonna have to download it from stream.gigaohm.bio and send it to your family and friends because there are hundreds of performers on the internet that aren't gonna do it.
There are hundreds of performers on the internet that are, through internet programming, able to seem like they're doing it when they're not doing it.
Hey, Nick Hudson, can I help you stop that train?
Sure, Jay.
Chalk your hands up.
Help me pull.
Hey, my name's Jessica Hockett and I wanna help get your message out.
Maybe we can do a podcast together.
Yeah, sure.
Grab onto the train, come on.
Hey, my name's Mary Holland and I think one of the components of the MMR vaccine that's not tested injured my son.
Can you help me fight against this?
Can you help me build a big top tent of health freedom?
Just grab onto the train and help me.
But we're not really accomplish anything.
We've been doing this for years and we haven't really accomplished anything, Mary.
No, that's okay because that's not the goal.
We're building a big top 10 of health freedom and Bobby's gonna do the accomplishing.
All we gotta do is facilitate Bobby's rise and then we'll get there.
Don't forget that Mary Holland was his first campaign manager and left his campaign after Laura Bono hired me at CHD.
Mary Holland and Brian Hooker fired me.
and Laura Bono's now retired.
I don't know.
I think it's all scripted bullshit.
That's what I think.
And not only is it scripted bullshit, but they are not gonna go off the script.
That's the part that you need to see.
That's why Pierre Corey's there.
People were mad at me because this was not really understandable.
So just see it.
In 2020, he's streaming with a George Webb associate saying that up to a billion people might die.
In 2024, he was streaming with Charles Rixey
He was streaming with Charles Rixey and Matt Crawford saying that it was clones and that now it's a worst case scenario because of amyloidosis.
And then a few months later, of course, he's on the clot round table.
Don't talk about the fact that transfection, one of the easiest targets for lipid nanoparticles is platelets and platelets are like responsible for clots.
Don't talk about that.
Talk about, you know, the spike protein is causing clots.
Amyloid clots.
And once this guy's worn out, they'll bring in Jordan Vaughn, who's been auditioning for a few years.
But the fact that these two guys were on the same Steve Kirsch Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Skoll-funded pound...
He's the largest private donor to the Democratic National Committee before the pandemic.
And we're supposed to believe that he invented an optical mouse and that's why he's rich and smart and famous.
And now he's a numbers expert.
Steve Kirsch is a total fraud.
He's one of the most magnificent frauds in front of us right now.
I don't think he could reason his way out of a wet paper bag, even with a Texas Instruments calculator.
And I think Kevin McCarron is a pathetic recruit that they never thought they were going to use in this way.
And now they're using them in this way.
And I'm suggesting to you at this point, there can be no doubt now that he's on the
the Peter McCullough substack or the whatever that other guy is that's been standing in front of Peter McCullough, this is all an admission that it's one malevolent show.
Just like that video from 2021 where Peter McCullough and Cole and Malone are all on the same podcast with some guy called the Street MD, it is an admission that they are all one malevolent show.
They're touring around
in 2021 in churches in the United States with Lee Min Yan, the one who was introduced to us by Steve Bannon on stage when he said she should run for Senate in New York, is an admission that this is all one malevolent show.
The fact that her in-laws isolated SARS, the original virus, and worked for the Cancer Institute for 20 years, and she was married in New York in 2013, says that this is all one malevolent show.
And so Lee Minyan, Kevin McCarren, Kevin McKernan, Charles Rixey, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Mary Holland, Meryl Nass, they're all part of the same malevolent show.
It's a health freedom movement brought to you by the National Security State.
That's all it is.
and it was put in place on purpose a long time ago.
That's why this jackass started the whole pandemic knowing that it's Andrew Kaufman that we need to oppose because he doesn't think there are any viruses at all.
He believes in the miasma theory and we have to stop this Tom Cohen and she's a whore.
She's a whore.
Bimbo Bailey.
And then two years later, these two guys would do a stream together because you know, Mark can forgive.
case scenario just it's literally turning into worst case.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
We are dealing with a worst case scenario the internet is flooded with liars and they are they are internationally performing just like this one where in June 5th 2025 Jikki Leak says that they spray clones.
What are clones?
Well, they're recombinant DNA or RNA sequences that they spray around and then they can transfect people.
They can just be found by PCR and claim they're spreading.
And this guy is not going to usefully say that.
This guy's also not denying it anymore, even though when I explained it in 2022, he called it chemtrail retarded on a dedicated substack to me.
This former Research and Development Director of the Human Genome Project.
This, you know, fighter for freedom from Australia.
Stop lying!
This Jikki Leaks that Jessica Hockett just really hates and is, you know, Nick Hudson is sure that Jikki Leaks is definitely a bad guy.
It's all one malevolent show.
And if we would not have spent so much time chasing around this stupid mouse army on X, we would have never got caught up in this.
But that's how this was designed.
That's why Kevin McKernan was telling us that the truth is being sorted out on X in 2020.
That's why Kevin McKernan was telling us that the FDA was in the way in 2020.
As many of you have heard this week, Secretary of Health and Human Services, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
announced he was removing all 17 city members of the CDC's Vaccine Advisory Committee and replacing them with new members.
Dr. Sean O'Leary is a professor of Pediatrics and Infectious Diseases at the University of Colorado Denver Anschutz Medical Campus and Children's Hospital Colorado.
He's also an investigator
at Adult and Child Center for Outcomes Research and Delivery Science, aka ACORDS, and Director of the Colorado Children's Outcomes Network, a pediatric practice-based research network.
His research focuses on prevention of vaccine-preventable diseases
through understanding clinical, attitudinal, and infrastructural barriers to vaccination and developing and testing interventions to address those barriers.
Woo, Dr. O'Leary, that's a lot, but it sounds- Wow, did you hear what he does?
He doesn't work on vaccines.
He works on institutional and societal barriers to vaccine uptake.
That's a pretty remarkable thing.
You know, I want to break for a second, though.
I wanted to read something to you that I found the other day in my reading.
I've been reading this book again because it's so dense and it took me a long time to finish it the first time.
The Molecular Vision of Life.
It is a book by a Lily E. Kay, and it is a history of Caltech, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the rise of the new biology.
Now, the new biology that she's talking about, of course, is the molecular vision of life.
And that molecular vision of life, again, is probably most aptly described in this book called, What is Life?
Mind and Matter.
Erwin Schrodinger.
A book that is downloadable in the Stuff link and is part of the four book collection that we are
going to be using for Biology 101, a new, new Biology 101.
So in this book, they're talking about molecular biology and the thought that all life can be boiled down to molecular mechanisms, chemical mechanisms, physical laws, was the new vision of life.
And I want to read a paragraph in here.
I'm not going to be able to put it into full context because there are a number of names that are referenced that I can't just
explain to you who these people are.
But there's a guy by the name of Morgan who moved from Columbia to Caltech as part of this kind of time when this transition was being forced where they were going to change to a molecular mechanism of thinking about it.
And so I'm just going to read this paragraph right here.
And it is meant to sort of explain what this Morgan's idea was when he came to Caltech and tried to start a new kind of department.
So to promote them a mechanistic conception of life and to probe reproduction, growth and development and related physiological processes on a fundamental level common to all organisms.
The new biology program would depend exclusively on the causal explanations of physics and chemistry.
Exactly that Schrodinger book.
Amplifying and formalizing the dominant trend of modern science, animate nature within the new program increasingly retreated from the field into the confines of the laboratory.
Rather than being viewed as a historical process, life would be fixed within eternal spatial structures and timeless laws of nature.
On introducing the new curriculum in the 1928 Bulletin of the California Institute of Technology, Morgan underscored that it is with desire to lay emphasis on the fundamental principles underlying life processes in animals and plants that an effort will be made to bring together, in a single group,
men whose common interests are the discovery of the unity of the phenomena of living organisms rather than in the investigation of their manifold diversities.
Inasmuch as the curriculum description was a programmatic statement of the new biology, it represented a revolt from the traditional natural history and implicit negation
and it was an implicit negation of the relevance of ecology and evolutionary biology.
And so in a lot of ways, because DNA, you have to just accept evolution and therefore you don't need to investigate it anymore.
You just, it's proven now.
And so the new biology that they're talking about already back in the 30s was a new biology that was intending to replace that
irreducible complexity, that confounding complexity, that, you know, the possibility that we have different layers of emergent properties that we need to understand.
And at the very basis of that, that might be that DNA can encode a protein, but then there are emergent properties on top of it that we can't understand because DNA alone.
And yet this whole paragraph describes exactly that intention.
explanations of physics and chemistry.
That's it.
And so there are no emergent properties then.
Nevermind emergent properties that are biologically emergent.
There could be chemically emergent properties or physically emergent properties that are not obvious how they emerge.
But biologically emergent properties, what I mean by that is combinations of gains that can be only made by, you know, subsequent gains.
And so
It's an interesting, you know, maybe the best way to say it would be like emergent property of the invention of telescopes was eventually the invention of binoculars.
But the binoculars presented other problems that needed to be solved.
And so they are an emergent property of this continuing development of optics.
I know that's a horrible analogy, but this book is awesome.
It's unbelievable.
And the best part about this book is that even Joshua Lederberg says it's good.
Okay, so let's go back.
I'll let this go.
So we have this biologist who's going to explain why it is that it's so dangerous what Robert F. Kennedy is doing.
And of course, this is being seen by a lot of people because this is Katie Couric, you know, a very trustworthy lady.
Sounds like you're just the man to talk to.
Yeah, happy to be here.
Yeah, this is kind of the world I live in.
So first of all, can you tell us what this advisory committee is and what it does?
Sure.
The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices was created in 1964 in response to the invention of several new vaccines.
Back then it was polio and measles.
Over the years has evolved.
In the early period, the American Academy of Pediatrics mostly made the child and adolescent vaccine schedule in consultation with ACIP.
In the mid-1990s, the decision was made to harmonize the two schedules.
So now, although we produce our own schedule at the American Academy of Pediatrics, it's generally harmonized with the advisory committee on immunization practices.
And so what that committee is, is a group of experts in public health medicine.
So you often have pediatricians on the committee, infectious disease specialists, internal medicine physicians, family physicians.
Often there are nurses on the committee, public health professionals.
There's always a consumer representative on the committee as well.
And these are all experts in their field.
It is a very, it is sort of a career crowning achievement to get on this committee.
It's highly competitive to get on it.
Nice.
So you see in the chat, I got my buddy having my back there.
Mark says that if we were to really dig in, we would probably find that this was associated with the modernization of the FDA.
and not in response to some new vaccines.
And I bet you 100% that Mark is dead on balls accurate.
You don't get on this committee without extensive background in vaccines.
And I should mention it's volunteer.
So these folks are devoting a lot of time to this committee.
And so what they do is basically deliberate on how should we best use
um prevention products like vaccines in this country to prevention products i mean that's some rich that is some rich shit right there wow prevention products that's what i call condoms around my kids prevention products to prevent infectious diseases
And the way they do that is through a very thorough vetting of the science.
These meetings are streamed publicly, the materials are all publicly available, they're archived.
You know, if your audience wants to go see the level of detail that they review the science, it's all there right there on the ACIP website.
Yeah, including when they admit that we don't have any data like over and over and over again at every one of these meetings.
Well, we don't have any data, we're extrapolating.
So, and it's a very important committee in terms of how we vaccinate the U.S.
population.
They are the ones who, if a new vaccine comes out, they decide how do we use it.
They are volunteers on that committee.
It doesn't mean they don't have day jobs.
And of course they all do.
Like it's so dumb.
in whom do we use it?
Should we use it in the first place?
The first consideration of this committee is always safety.
So I've been going to these committee meetings for about a decade now, and I can tell you that every time a new vaccine is being discussed, all of the members of the committee, all they want, they hammer the pharmaceutical companies sometimes who are presenting the data from their clinical trials about the safety issues.
So they're very highly focused on safety,
They're very highly focused on how much disease is this going to present?
Is this a valid use of US resources in terms of the recommendations we're going to make here?
I should say this committee has evolved over the last several decades to be a really well-functioning group.
What was your reaction, Dr. O'Leary, when you heard the news that all 17 members- The committee has evolved.
Unfortunately, these ideas have become endemic.
It's all a big enchantment.
Yeah, honestly, I was I was devastated.
This is this is truly a public health crisis.
You know, Jessica Hockett, if she found out that Jonathan Engler or those guys were lying, she would be devastated.
I mean, she would be devastated.
Oh, my gosh.
And I don't use those words lightly.
This was it.
been rumors about this really going back even to you know shortly after the election that this could happen um but then with the assurance can i just say this out loud it's really gotta piss them off that i'm taking chief woohoo because that is freaking genius i'm sorry but that's freaking genius go ahead sorry i didn't mean to interrupt
that were given to Senator Cassidy and others during the confirmation hearings that this wouldn't happen.
I think a lot of us felt like maybe, OK, you know, maybe we'll proceed with some level of normalcy.
There was an April ACIP meeting.
It had been it was scheduled for February, but was delayed.
And that meeting went off mostly business as usual.
And so I think a lot of us in the public health community, we're breathing a little bit of a sigh of relief that maybe things will proceed, you know, with with relative normalcy as to how we recommend vaccines in this country.
And now all of that is gone.
What is the the real life impact of these firings and what are you fearful of in terms of who will be a part of this committee now moving forward?
Yeah, I really don't know.
You know, the excuse given, you know, that, well, there's a couple of things here.
One, the announcement that was made led with this concept that he was doing this to restore trust in vaccines, which is really a twisted irony to me that
the person who has probably done more than any other individual in the US to sow distrust in vaccines over the last 20 years is now saying he's doing this to restore trust.
So that's number one.
Number two, the excuse that was given was to get rid of financial conflicts of interest among the committee members, which is also just frankly false.
Those committee members are screened extensively for conflicts of interest.
If there's even a perceived conflict, they have to recuse themselves from any vote related to that potential conflict.
That actually happens quite rarely.
I can also say that a number of the members who were dismissed have never had any financial conflicts of interest.
To me, that was just an excuse.
I fear that it's going to be filled with
individuals who are not supportive of vaccination based on the Secretary's history.
What is the natural extension of that compilation of people if in fact they don't believe in vaccines or back vaccine skeptics?
What impact will that have overall on public health?
Sure.
I mean, here's an analogy for you.
Imagine if you took all the air traffic controllers in the U.S.
and you replace them not with the people who really didn't have any experience in air traffic control.
Not only that, but they don't even really believe in flying.
I mean, that's what we're talking about here.
And I hate to use the kind of sound hyperbolic.
And so what will happen if he just puts a bunch of insiders in there?
I mean, he's not gonna put a bunch of people in there and gonna go, I guess we're gonna decide not to recommend any vaccines anymore.
We don't have to be afraid of that.
That's definitely not gonna happen.
When is he gonna appoint those people?
What is the vetting process?
How much hamster wheel time are they gonna waste on this meaningless, absolutely meaningless declaration if you have Marty McCary and Vinay Prasad there fast-tracking every approval anyway?
What does it matter if the PrEP Act emergency is still in place if they replace the ACIP?
You know what's going to happen?
The AICP is going to replace with people who will do justice and I'm predicting it now so that you know that I'm not an idiot and you can see that I'm actually freaking Nostradamus.
They are going to try and put the COVID shot on
the VICP, which is where Aaron Seery makes all his money and all these other people make their money because that kangaroo court, administrative court pays for their interim fees.
And right now it's pretty hard to sue on behalf of people that have been injured by the COVID vaccine because the CICP
That's the VICP in the PREP Act.
The CIP, CICP does not pay interim fees.
So people like Ray Flores at Children's Health Defense will actually write articles about how it's hard
to argue on the behalf of these injured people because interim fees are not covered by CICP.
And so if we had the fees covered by the ICP, then people like Ray Flores could come to the rescue of all these people and fight for justice and get some money.
That's actually what's gonna happen.
That's actually what Aaron Seary's arguing for right now.
That's what everybody promoting Ray Flores on my soapbox doesn't seem to understand.
that they're not arguing to get rid of the PrEP Act.
Nobody's making a useful challenge to the PrEP Act.
What they are doing is taking lawsuits on behalf of vaccine-injured people and arguing that the CICP isn't fair.
that they should be able to go to the VICP because these were put on them by the FDA themselves.
That's what's actually happening here.
So these disingenuous actors on Substack and elsewhere who claim that they've always been arguing against the PrEP Act, that they've always been focused on the PrEP Act.
The PrEP Act means it's the DOD.
They're all full of shit.
like in terms of, you know, how severe the consequences of this can be.
But we are talking about human lives here, because as we see vaccination coverage go down, we see outbreaks happen and we see diseases come back that many of us have never even seen before.
And, you know, I've never seen some of the diseases for which we vaccinate because we eliminated them in the US many, many years ago, you know, before even before I trained.
And so that's that's what we're talking about here is children suffering and dying.
What about those who argue, Dr. O'Leary, that some- I could take a real Ayn Rand kind of approach to this, because Ayn Rand made a very big statement about vaccines a while ago, you can still find a video of it, where she said that vaccine mandates are dumb.
Because if vaccines work, then people who don't take them will suffer the consequences.
And so again, this isn't going to hurt anybody except for these immunocompromised imaginary people that everybody talks about that we have to vaccinate ourselves because they can't.
This is all an illusion.
This guy is simply not sophisticated enough to see through it because he
He acquiesces to the illusion of consensus that gets created by this herd mentality that people tend to have when they skillfully use social media for their whole life.
When they try to climb a hierarchy of the university and are successful at it, they tend to be people like that, that haven't had a useful, independent thought in a long, long time.
have been asking all the people around them what to think for a very long time.
That's one of the reasons why I didn't fit into a university hierarchy.
I didn't need people to tell me what to think.
I ran around telling people that they were thinking dumb shit.
And so this guy is one of those people who has been asking his whole life, what should I think?
And then memorizing it.
And then now he's reciting it.
And everybody around him who told him what to think is confirming it.
That's all this is.
And social media allows that to be weaponized and personalized.
rightly or wrongly, the argument goes, that they need more investigation, more study, more attention to some of the unintended consequences that happen with any vaccine.
Let's be honest, right?
It does happen at times, even if the numbers are small.
What would you say to people who are worried or believe that these things need
As many of you have heard this week, Secretary of Health and Human Services Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
announced he was removing all 17 city now moving forward.
Yeah, so I mean, I will say there had been rumors about this really going back even shortly after the election that this could happen.
But then with the assurances that were given to Senator Cassidy and others during the confirmation hearings that this wouldn't happen, I think a lot of us felt like maybe.
And what are you fearful of in terms of who will be a part of this committee now moving forward?
Yeah, I really don't know.
You know, the excuse given, you know, that, well, there's a couple things here.
One, the the announcement that was made led with this concept that he was doing this to restore trust in vaccines, which is really a twisted irony to me that
the person who has probably done more than any other individual in the US to sow distrust in vaccines over the last 20 years is now saying he's doing this to restore trust.
So that's number one.
Number two, the excuse that was given was to get rid of financial conflicts of interest among the committee members, which is also just frankly false.
Those committee members are screened extensively for conflicts of interest.
If there's even a perceived conflict, they have to recuse themselves from any vote related to that potential conflict.
And that actually happens quite rarely.
I can also say that a number of the members who were dismissed have never had any financial conflicts of interest.
So to me, that was just an excuse.
So I fear that it's going to be filled with individuals who are not supportive of vaccination based on the Secretary's history.
What is the natural extension of that compilation of people if in fact
they don't believe in vaccines or back vaccine skeptics.
What impact will that have overall on public health?
Sure, I mean, here's an analogy for you.
Imagine if you took all the air traffic controllers in the US and you replace them, not with the people who really didn't have any experience in air traffic control, not only that, but they don't even really believe in flying.
I mean, that's what we're talking about here.
And I hate to use the kind of sound hyperbolic in terms of how severe the consequences of this can be, but we are talking about human lives here.
because as we see vaccination coverage go down, we see outbreaks happen, and we see diseases come back that many of us have never even seen before.
And, you know, I've never seen some of the diseases for which we vaccinate because we eliminated them in the U.S.
many, many years ago, you know, even before I trained.
And so that's what we're talking about here is children suffering and dying.
That's essentially him admitting that he knows nothing but what he was told.
What about those who argue, Dr. O'Leary, that some of these vaccines, rightly or wrongly, the argument goes, that they need more investigation, more study, more attention to some of the unintended consequences that happen with any vaccine.
Let's be honest, right?
It does happen at times, even if the numbers are small.
What would you say to people who are worried or
believe that these things need more investigation?
Sure.
That's a common refrain among anti-vaccine individuals that we need to study it more.
The fact is that we have an extensive vaccine safety surveillance system here in the US.
There are many other great surveillance systems around the world that are constantly examining the safety of vaccines in real time.
And it's sort of this concept that you can't prove a negative, right?
You can't really, you can always ask for more.
Well, if you can say that it doesn't happen one in a million times, but you can't say it happens one in 10 million times, then it might happen, right?
The thing about it is, for me, is that if SIDS, like I suspect, is actually just acute vaccine death after intramuscular injection and acute toxic, you know, whatever,
If that's the case, and I think that is, then Steve Kirsch having Pierre Corian to say that they're blowing the lid off of SIDS and that the reason why they know is because the vaccine schedule has been become a lax thing.
And as a result, there are less babies dying of SIDS.
That's something that Brian Hooker and Mary Holland and Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark all knew back in like 2013.
And so the fact of the matter is, is that if there is a rank order of worst case scenarios for intramuscular injection or a bunch of intramuscular injections, the first order of shit is death, very acute death.
And so even the focus on autism, a word that Brian Hooker wouldn't say in 2013, is really malevolent if you see that it essentially takes all of SIDS and makes it disappear.
It's not even part of their original big top tent of health freedom, because autism is caused by vaccines.
or at least one component of them, or maybe it's the adjuvants or something like that.
Do you see how absolutely awful these people are for what they have done?
When intramuscular injection has a virtually limitless set of possibilities, one of which is acute death.
And that could have been easily researched with a placebo controlled trial that only lasted 30 days.
and the argument between Mary Holland and Paul Offit would have ended because who cares about autism if SIDS is kids dying from intramuscular injection?
These people are all monsters.
And that's why they had to kill Tony Bark.
That's why they had to kill Brandy Vaughn.
That's why they tried to kill me, probably.
And why do I say that?
Well, because that thing that I had in my throat
was a pretty large growth and a lot of blood came out.
And not one of these people, not one of these people cared.
I didn't get a note from Ryan Cole saying, holy shit, your voice sounds amazing.
Or Jessica Rose or Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Wow, man, as a guy with a bad voice, it's sure awesome that your voice came back.
And I coughed out a chunk that I still have on my shelf.
It's not from pipe burn, all that crack piping.
And it happened around the same time that I guess I ran into Rixey a couple of times in the same year.
I ran into Matt Crawford.
I spent a lot of time with Mark Kulak.
I guess he could have been the guy who did it, like when we were in the rental car together.
Somehow, I doubt it.
You know, so it's this, they can just keep saying, we need more studies, we need more studies.
Now, I'm not going to say I wouldn't like more funding for vaccine safety science.
I think we could all always get, you know, better funding for that type of work.
But the fact is, there is a very robust system that are examining exactly those questions as we speak.
A very robust system that, you know, our friend Jessica Rose has been bringing us the latest about for six years, just like the EpiGirl character in the Spars pandemic document.
But that's just a coincidence.
They also have been studied extensively already and rigorously and tested and analyzed and monitored, et cetera.
Can you talk about the system that is already in place that would potentially
potentially convince some vaccine skeptics that they are in fact safe and really important for public health?
Sure.
Yeah.
So there's a there's a general principle that vaccines are held to a much higher safety standard than other medicines that we give.
So, you know, for example,
aspirin.
We, you know, you get a headache, you take some aspirin, you might get an upset stomach, but you'll put up with the upset stomach because you have a headache.
And that's better than getting the than you know, getting rid of the headache.
The relentless citing of aspirin is kind of a useless thing as part of this narrative too, because aspirin is a natural thing.
It works pretty well for a lot of shit.
And it would be a lot better than ibuprofen or Tylenol.
is more important to you.
We will put up with certain side effects and sometimes, you know, for aspirin makes my boob, my belly hurt.
Holy shit.
And acetaminophen makes my liver hurt.
Wow.
Aspirin is an example.
There are potentially fatal side effects from, from that medication.
Yeah.
Because we're giving them to healthy people to present.
Even aspirin can kill you.
To this higher safety standard.
Holy shit.
And that's true both in the clinical trials before the vaccine comes to licensure and then afterwards as well.
Got a crash coming here.
There we go.
Dang it.
I'm just going to resume in this scape and start it over and I'll find that spot.
I apologize.
Sometimes this thing gets tired when I start and stop.
As many of you have heard this week, Secretary of Health and Human Services Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
announced he was removing the safety of vaccines in real time.
And it's sort of this concept that you can't prove a negative from that medication.
Vaccines are different.
Because we're giving them to healthy people to prevent disease, they are held to this higher safety standard.
And that's true both in the clinical trials before a vaccine comes to licensure and then afterwards as well.
In the preclinical trials, you may remember the COVID vaccine trials among 30,000 to 45,000 individuals for the two vaccines that eventually got licensed and most used in the US, were very large clinical trials.
You can detect in those types of trials, things that happen on the order of one in 1,000 individuals, maybe a little bit less than that, things like a sore arm, headache, those types of things.
But but people died in that trial and a lot more people that took the shot died.
And none of them were that doesn't that's not a signal, you see.
It's this guy is just tell me what to say and I'll say it.
Give me a script, Papa.
It's just not feasible to do a clinical trial large enough to detect these rare potential adverse events.
And so we have these extensive safety surveillance systems in place to do just that.
And I would say that the- But if the whole world is composed of men who don't believe that men cheat on their wives, then what difference will it make if women report that their husbands are cheating?
If your school is full of teachers who don't believe that the students will cheat, then what would stop the students from cheating?
And if you have a whole medical field that isn't sophisticated enough to understand the biology that is incongruent with intramuscular injection of a combination of substances to augment a healthy human, that's got to be by design.
The selection process, the training process has resulted in a system full of people who have been asking for what to say.
Tell me what to think.
That's the basic way you get through medical school.
You get through your residency.
Tell me what to think.
And so, because this person has been very successful at a career of telling me what to think, that's why he's here.
Tell me what to think, daddy.
COVID, through the COVID pandemic, was a good example of that system working as it should, right?
So we had, within a matter of days of the vaccines being rolled out, we were able to tell that there was a very rare risk of Banifalaxis, so a severe allergic reaction, roughly, you know, two to five per million individuals.
We were able to identify that within a matter of days.
Some of these other quite rare side effects were able to be identified within a matter of days to weeks as well.
And then the ACIP, among others, weighed the risks and benefits, looked at, okay, we know this remote risk exists.
Should we continue to recommend the vaccine or should we not?
And in most of the cases with these very rare remote risks,
it was clear that COVID was much more severe than these remote risks and so the decision was made in some cases to continue vaccinating that population.
That is remarkable.
And that is a complete stop.
It's complete bullshit.
It's remarkable.
But that's where we are.
Right.
That's in other cases.
The concern over safety was high enough that we said, no, we're no longer going to use that vaccine.
And that was true of, for example, the Johnson and Johnson vaccine, which was removed from the market.
because of a safety concern on the order of, you know, one.
So people not paying attention are hearing this and they're believing it.
It makes perfect sense with everything that they paid attention to.
And there's a very small minority of people that have been paying attention to Ryan Cole and Pierre Corey and Peter McCullough and Ryan and Ryan Cole and and Mary Holland and Brian.
A very small number of people know who those shitheads are.
And the vast majority of people who know who those shitheads are, are victims.
Victims of their operation.
Victims of their sabotage.
Aimed at thinking Americans, critically thinking independent Americans on the left and the right.
to get them behind a Trojan horse named Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
so that people like Marty Makary, Jayantabadacharya, and Vinay Prasad could be put in place as mouthpieces for people like Kevin McKernan, Robert Malone, and the other people that are puppeting this thing.
We are in grave danger in America right now.
And these people can't be expected to know it.
This guy will never
know it in tens of thousands of individuals.
So I would say that's an example of the monitoring that's going on and the decisions that are being made and why they're being made.
I know that there has, as you mentioned, already already a decline in routine childhood vaccinations.
I have to think that a move like this will only sow more distrust
and vaccines just simply by this, you know, this effort to fire these people.
Is his name Vinny Ayok?
Oh, that's even better.
Jayanta and Vinny Ayok.
And replace them with new ones.
How fearful are you that this will cause an even more precipitous decline in compliance rates?
Yeah, I'm very concerned about that, for sure.
I think, I can't see how this maneuver is going to increase trust in the process.
I will say the vast majority of parents vaccinate their kids on the routinely recommended schedule.
Just keep in mind, they rolled out adenovirus-based coronavirus vaccines with the intention, with the scripted intention of having them hurt people and then calling attention to the fact that
AICP and the FDA are fully aware and that they're keeping track and they're willing to pull a product off the market.
That was part of Kevin McKernan, Robert Malone, and this national security script, without a fricking doubt.
And so the fact that this guy cites it means that he is layers and layers of blankets of bullshit under.
He, there's no chance of this guy escaping the cognitive trap that he's in because the only alternative, like the only strategy he has to escape is to ask people what to think.
Tell me what to think is his strategy for how to escape whatever or to how to succeed so he can't even see the trap he's in because that is the trap.
Tell me what to think instead of learn it on your own.
And I think many parents will continue to do that.
The problem is that when we see even small dips in vaccination coverage, that's where we see these diseases come back.
And we're already seeing that, for example, with measles.
We had greater than 95% up-to-date coverage for children in school going into the pandemic in 2019, 2020.
That has dipped a couple of percentage points at this point.
And you see what's happening with measles right now.
We've got the largest outbreak
We're probably going to surpass 2019, and this will put us into the largest outbreak since the early 90s in terms of the number of measles cases.
We've already seen three deaths from measles.
We hadn't seen a single death in a decade, and we hadn't seen a death in a child in 20 years, and we've already seen that this season.
Further erosion in MMR coverage, measles coverage, and then other vaccines can only mean that we're going to see more and more of this.
over the coming months.
And of course a focus on MMR keeps Mary Holland's story, it keeps Brian Hooker's story, it keeps Pauly Tommy's bullshit story, and it keeps Andrew Wakefield's bullshit story at the center because it's one component of the MMR, or it's the multiple antigens in one shot, or it's the adjuvants, the aluminum, or the mercury, or both of them, and it's all fucking lies.
Excuse me, but it's all lies.
It's all lies.
In years, unfortunately.
Because you won't reach herd immunity, right?
Correct.
Yeah.
I tend to use the term community protection or community immunity, but yeah.
Community, community, community.
You know, like the gay community, because all gay people think the same.
They're all on one team.
It's like the black community is all on one team.
The white community is all on one team.
The Hispanic community.
because we try to maintain a level within the community that prevents outbreaks from spreading.
So the vaccines protect both the individual, but they also protect those around them as well.
I need a break.
I'm sorry, I need a break.
And then I'll be right back with a little bit of a little more torture, and then we'll be done for the day.
Thanks for being here.
And I'll see you in a minute.
There's nothing true, there's nothing that's a lot.
Where's the sign if I'm being true?
I'm so bothered with things that don't feel right.
Yet his hand never sees me through.
When a ship alone won't wash away.
Bright or shine, it's always going to stay.
All these years we will not spend together.
I guess we just couldn't stand the weather.
Like a train that stops at every station, we're out to a thousand tribulations.
There ain't a fellow that's had every year.
And tickle and yell and cry is all he's got.
Change has come before we get young.
Climate's changing before we're too old.
Don't just change before trying to be better.
Understand it's time to get ready for the storm.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation, what was it?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue.
I see.
No, it depends on how they use it.
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it, so.
I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
Hey, welcome to the second half of the show.
On the back half of the show, this is GigaOM Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by Biologist.
Hello, welcome to the show.
Welcome, welcome, welcome.
I'm still very happy to be here.
I've had a plan for a long time to do a news program as a Vulcan, and I was going to use this as the backdrop.
I don't know, I might still do that.
We'll see what what it takes to get this message out.
We'll do whatever we can and do whatever I can afford to do with the amount of time that I have.
If you like what you see, please go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to support the stream.
You can also send something to Jonathan Cooey at
P.O.
Box 802, Bethel Park, Pennsylvania 15102.
A guy by the name of Brian often sends stuff.
Brian, I just got a book from you in the mail and also a very nice card.
He always takes the time to write something nice.
I'm just gonna show it like that.
And he also sends a little bit of green in the mail as a monthly donation in a little envelope like this all the time.
And so if you want to know how the magic is done, how the donuts are made, that's really it.
I've got a lot of technical expertise and self-appliance skills that I gained through 20 years of being a microscope jockey in academia and a
a kite flyer and a photographer.
And that translates pretty well to setting up a stream, especially if your brother pays you to learn how to do it at the beginning of the pandemic so that he can make $100,000 streaming cooking shows in Texas.
And then of course he would fire you because you didn't want to move to Texas and bring your children down there and risk the possibility that, oops, that's right.
You're not doing it anymore.
And so what do we, how do we make a living anymore?
But you know, my brother basically disowned me because I made him $120,000 at the beginning of 2021 by helping him to live stream shows by leaving my wife at home alone with the kids for a couple of weeks at a time so that I could be there with him eating tacos and having a good time.
And then as thanks for it, he basically stopped talking to me and asked for my computer back that he had supposedly paid me with.
People behave very, very strange when they're confronted with a truth that's inconvenient.
People behave very strange when they think that they are smarter than you and that they can win you over with arguing and they can't, but they lose in their own mind.
That's what happens to amoral people.
That's what happens to people with no principles.
And that's what happens to people who are on a script that they don't understand.
I'm one of the last remaining very dangerous people on earth, unfortunately.
And I've got a lot of evidence on my phone and on a couple hard drives over there that I think are some of the most dangerous circumstantial evidence that there is.
that this is an orchestrated failure.
The health freedom movement and the anti-vax movement that is headed by Mary Holland and Children's Health Defense and Del Bigtree and Brian Hooker and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Meryl Nass has been a purposeful failure.
That's why their rhetoric, their messaging, and their understanding
has never progressed.
That's why they've never put forward a teacher.
That's why they've never put forward a health, uh, a high school biology course.
That's why these people have not made any progress in the last 20 years.
And certainly haven't made any progress since they declared war on Paul Offit and Paul Offit declared war on Andrew Wakefield.
that makes them traitors to our grandchildren and makes them liars and grifters.
And so it's not a very friendly message that I have to explain to you that these people are on a provided script.
Of government in general.
And in my mind, the, well, you know, how do we,
use this situation to our advantage, to make sure that people are getting... I think there's a genuine call for justice to be called for, especially if there was a moratorium in place.
And so he's being scripted by text that he's reading right now.
It could even be that it's a live chat.
And at the end of this little clip, he's going to have to wait for the chat to catch up.
He's going to have to wait for the guy on the other end that's typing to tell him what to say next.
And unknown, unbeknownst to Addy adds, Addy's going to say, yeah, keep going, man.
Don't stop.
But he's got to stop because he's got to wait for the text to come.
That caused Fauci's department to have the research offshored.
OK, so I mean, I have to I have to presume that somewhere because we don't know what those papers look like.
Prior to that, and this was the Obama administration that did this, and there's a lot there's a strong argument for.
Oh, I've got it.
I wait.
Keep going.
I caught up, he said.
Did you hear him say it?
I caught up.
And then he left.
And then Addy says, keep going.
So I have to presume that somewhere.
Ralph Baric's the guy who arguably taught Wiv how to create the coronavirus.
Four years later, we have Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project on a huge podcast saying exactly the same shit that Kevin McKernan said in 2020 and tried to rope me into saying in 2020.
tried to attach himself to me by putting my links on his website.
And now these two jackasses are on Steve Kirsch's podcast saying that it's the spike protein and DNA contamination.
Through that process, they taught Wuhan Institute of Virology how to do this seamless no-see-um technique, which is a technique of assembling viral genomes so you don't leave any evidence behind.
It's a ligation technique that uses a golden gate assembly.
It's a clever way of putting stuff together so that you can't tell that someone built it, necessarily, from a laboratory.
However, they did leave behind some fingerprints that got them caught, basically.
If you want to hear about that story, you should get Charles Rixey on here.
Charles Rixey has helped
That is an admission that Kevin McKernan is a traitor to the grandchildren of Earth because Charles Rixey is a fraud.
Just like Kevin McCairn is a fraud.
And so the fact that this dipshit was put in front of the Senate by Senator Ron Johnson, who called me in April of 2022 to say that he needed my help, is also a traitor.
I'm sorry, ladies and gentlemen, he's a senator from my home state, and Senator Ron Johnson can only be a willing participant in this national security theater that is scripted by Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan, and Kevin McKernan admitted it by pushing Ralph Baric, Charles Rixey,
the fear and cleavage site, the HIV inserts, the staphylococcus enterotoxin B homologies, and Charles frickin' Rixey, who came to my house when I had a great voice, and for the next year and a half afterward, I had a growth in my throat, that had I gone to the doctor, I'd be willing to bet somebody might have said I had esophageal cancer.
Certainly wouldn't have told me it was a benign growth and I could just wait until I coughed it out a year and a half later.
Charles Rixey came to my house.
Piper Stover came to my house.
Addie Adds came to Pittsburgh.
Kevin McCarran came to Pittsburgh.
I didn't let them come to my house.
Paul Alexander came to my house at the end of last year with his wife and daughter and they were terrified of my dogs and they lied about wanting to help me to start a non-profit or some shit.
RFK write his book about this and Charles George Webb came to approximately an hour from my house where I met him in person.
We're gonna keep talking.
Thank you Alex.
We got Alex here helping out with the camera today So we're back with FDA direct FDA direct and Bigfoot is still here for those of you It's hard to imagine but they actually put out another podcast.
This is podcast number eight and it's not just a podcast But it's also another article in the British Medical Journal stop lying
And so these guys are so proud of their hard work that they decided to do a podcast about another article that they wrote about the vision for the FDA.
You know, that organization that's being completely sabotaged from within because what Trojan horse led by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
allowed these traders to get to the head of these agencies, crucial places in the U S government controlled by people with other passports.
And the mainstream media is just worried about Donald Trump.
Who might be concerned?
Bigfoot is here.
Good to see you.
Thanks for your help setting up today.
So we were just talking about this piece in the Journal of the American Medical Association that we have out, titled Priorities for a New FDA.
I have it right here, hot off the press.
Congratulations, you two.
Thanks.
So I thought I was telling Angela, maybe we could chat a little bit about it.
Let's do it.
You know, you're a different FDA commissioner in some senses, because you have a very aggressive agenda.
You are firing on all cylinders in all fronts.
He has a very aggressive agenda that was given to him by Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone and all the people that work with them and pay for them.
That's the reality of this.
These people are traitors on a script provided to them.
You're not just popping into the office and then popping out to play golf, Marty.
That's not how you're rolling.
Look, I think there's just a lot of great ideas that come from people at the FDA, and we've been going around asking scientists and reviewers and core staff, what big ideas do you think are important to consider that you've not really been able to do that we should consider?
So just remember that a week after I met George Webb, another woman that I met there by the name of
Karmadoc.
And Karmadoc's a really interesting chick because when she met me...
Listen to this story.
One of the biggest followers of Mark.
She used to be in our chat all the time.
Karmadoc met me in person when I drove to the Wimber Institute to meet Mark Kulak and George Webb there.
And George Webb introduced me to a bunch of people at a little burger place as the magnificent and wonderful Jonathan Cooey or something like that.
And everybody gave me a little, okay.
He would not sit with me.
He would not be around me.
Giant George Webb shook my hand and walked away.
I met Karmadoc there.
Now the interesting thing about my meeting with Karmadoc was that Ruby was there.
Because I brought Ruby because I was home alone at the time.
And so it started raining and I was sitting in the back of my Chevy with the gate up, the big gate up, the back door up, and sitting under that with Ruby watching it rain.
Wasn't raining very hard.
And Karma Doc came over to the car to talk to me.
And the funny thing is, is that Ruby likes everybody.
And so she's wagging her tail and all excited.
And Karma Doc did not see the dog.
Didn't see the dog, just started talking to me.
I don't even know if she touched Ruby.
And a week after that, Karmadoc says that her fianc was killed, committed suicide at her house, and sent the frickin' picture to Mark.
And Mark still has that picture on his phone.
And this is the chick that was in the audience and asked a question to Robert Malone
and Ryan Cole and Li Min Yan in 2021 at a church in America about self-amplifying RNA vaccines.
Stop lying.
No, that's, that's sorry.
That was two and a half years too early and you are getting ahead on the script.
Sorry, Karmadoc.
Mark and I have had infiltrators in our chat since before we knew what an infiltrator was.
We've had people helping us before we knew that there are no people that help.
We've had people sharing our work before we understood that nobody does that.
And we had people trying to kill us, I think, before we understood that that's how it works.
I don't know man, I don't know what to tell you other than America is in trouble.
And there aren't very many Americans who seem to be able to see it, but the ones who do will get nowhere on social media unless you physically share the stream.
You gotta download it, or you gotta grab that link and you gotta email it to individual people.
Hi.
Hi, so-and-so, this is me.
I haven't talked to you in a while.
I really need you to watch this guy.
When you have a chance, take a look at this video.
America's in big trouble.
And the truth is not available on TV.
And then copy that.
put it in a new email and send it to one other person.
Then copy that, put it in another email and send it to another person.
Every email has to be a single recipient.
Every email has to almost appear as though you're really just doing it for them.
And do that like 10 minutes a day.
And chances are very good this stream will grow fast enough so that I can stream for four or five or six hours a day or do two streams a day if I have to.
One on biology and journal club and whatever, and one that just hammers on these people every day.
Until America realizes it.
Until America sees through the illusion on PBS NewsHour, sees through the illusion on CNN, sees through the illusion on MSNBC, and sees through the illusion on Tucker frickin' Carlson!
And so we've been getting great ideas.
And we're doing the same with the industry, asking the sponsors, the developers, and scientists who invent some of these drugs and products, what big ideas do you have for regulation?
And we're learning a lot.
So this is amazing right now.
There's no shortage of giant ideas.
So we've been doing this inventory for a while.
We're gonna keep going and keep listening.
But there are some general,
parameters that I would say define our priorities at the new FDA.
And I would just add, I think one of the ways that you're soliciting these new ideas is by challenging everyone to challenge these long-held assumptions, right?
And ask these tough questions, right?
And so in this paper, you start off by saying, why does it take more than 10 years for a new drug to come to market, right?
Which sounds like a simple question, but it's a really important one.
And so what are you thinking about with some of these new ideas?
Is there anyone else who's very annoyed with her specific breaking up of the word important?
I'm sorry, I'm just losing my shit because I don't like these foreign posers.
There is, by the way, a science to soliciting ideas.
If you get people in a room with their bosses and you say, you know, how are things going?
What ideas do you have?
They're like, things are great.
Yeah.
But if you get them alone and you give them anonymity and you keep it confidential with them and that you just let them open up
You start hearing amazing idea after idea after idea and you think that makes so much sense.
Now some of those ideas are not good ideas.
But when you hear them again and again from different people you're really doing an inventory collection of ideas that is so much different from say a town hall or right.
Something where their boss is in the room.
No, I'm not disparaging their bosses We are great people here leading of the FDA But you get these great ideas from the front lines from people on the ground doing this hard work of product review every day Well, you're having a dialogue and a lot of people have told us that they haven't been asked I'm gonna keep going for a minute.
I just wanted to take a break because I just can't believe it I just want to show you something over here.
Let me see if I can get this out of the way Does that go like that?
Yeah
So back here in my room it looks like it's gotten pretty bad here.
But essentially what I am blessed with in this life is a second bedroom of my own.
I have a little man cave in the back of my garage because the guy who lived here before me was like a wood shop dude.
And this was a wood shop and it has a windows that have screens, you know, so you can put the blow thing out of the window.
And it's got a lot of power.
It's got its own power box.
And so that's kind of handy too.
And so when we saw this house, it was one bedroom short and a shitty basement short.
But it had this one thing and so you know my family made the decision and I was the large beneficiary of it I've got I got my piano in here I've got a drum set back there behind the green thing and the best thing is I finally have an antenna in my backyard which means My radio has ears now, which is kick-ass and what's even more kick-ass is that my radio is
I mean, it had ears at the last house, but it never had ears at this house.
Because um setting up a ham radio antenna is not trivial.
You need the friends, you need friends with your neighbors.
And the neighbor that I needed to be friends with wasn't actually here.
The house was abandoned.
But the guy's there now and they're remodeling it.
And they're all excited because they heard that we pay so much in rent.
And so it's like wow we can make that much money great.
So that guy's remodeling his house and getting ready to rent it to somebody.
And that guy's now my friend.
And so I can use the tree in his backyard to string the long half of my
of my wire, and so now it's up.
And so I just wanted to demonstrate how kick-ass that is, because my bass station is also a full-sized, you know, it's a real humdinger, and that means that I can put it here.
And so you can hear the... I think I was listening to CW last night.
There's probably nothing on the bands right now because it's the middle of the day.
It's very hard to hear.
There might be something on the channel.
And I don't think I'm going to see anything here either.
I mean it's, ham radio is not done in the middle of the day on these lower bands.
Somebody tuning up there.
Anyway, the vast majority of it's going to be garbage right now.
And there's nobody working right now.
They got day jobs and stuff like that.
If you want to see stuff during the day, you need to do it on the weekends, of course, because the majority of the people that do ham are either retired or they have a day job.
It's one or the other.
And either way, they're only doing it on the weekends.
And they're doing it when the atmospheric conditions and timing are right.
And so the the atmosphere of the earth is energized at different places at different times.
And so the way that these various radio waves behave relative to the atmosphere is different relative to where the sun is in your particular
Timezone so in the middle of the day am transmission and long-range transmission for sure is kind of minimal because of the way the Atmosphere works and we could get into that in more detail at some point if we wanted to if we had time to teach instead of having to constantly Point out the fact that America is under attack, which I still feel very obligated to do So anyway, let's let this keep going
asked these questions before.
And so I think that's a lot of kudos to you for asking the questions.
And so I think some of the ideas you have come up with are organized in some thematic areas.
Maybe we can go through each of the themes.
Yeah, I just wanted to say this.
So this this paper that we put out in JAMA, it's an amalgam of, I think, things that matter to you, parties that matter to you, ideas you've heard from people out.
W3JJW, you can look me up on QRZ if you need to.
I am actually a ham radio operator for a long time.
I have my general, not my extra.
I should really take the extra exam, but I haven't and I don't really know why.
I guess it's just laziness.
there and we're trying to put them in some big buckets.
And so maybe... The really annoying part is, is when I took the general exam, I could sit for the extra and I decided not to.
And I don't really know why, because it would have only taken another 45 minutes.
But I was like, I felt so good about acing the general that I was like, I don't want to sit and humiliate myself with the extra.
But I bet in retrospect, I would have been able to get it.
Yeah, let's go through the buckets.
I think the first one is accelerating cure.
I mean, a technician license, honk, honk.
Staff or Farian, a technician license is easy.
A general is even easy.
I don't think you need to worry about whether you could do it or not.
There's lots of online courses and it's real basic electronics.
I mean, and definitions more than anything else.
One of the biggest things you need to know is
what parts of the spectrum you can transmit in and the hilarious thing is if you buy a modern radio chances are it's going to be locked to those anyway and so there's you don't really need to know it if it won't transmit outside of the band anyway but be that as it may you still need to know hey you wrote a code that trans that converts morris code to text no shit i would like that code send it to me in the email i would love that unpack
Yeah, look, this big assumption that we've had where it takes more than 10 years for drugs.
By the way, once a ham, always a ham.
Just because you don't have a radio doesn't mean you're still not a ham.
Come to market.
We've got to challenge the processes that result in that long.
If you had the cure for breast cancer, do we really think it should
take 10 years or even six years for that product to come to market.
At the same time, if you lower the regulatory hurdle to... If you have a cure for breast cancer, then I don't think getting it to market will take that long, right?
I mean, this is just a disingenuous representation of why the system is the way it is.
Just like when they were saying yesterday, I've heard that there are applications that are 800,000 pages long.
of no barrier whatsoever, that is you have no process, then you have snake oil out there and you have people who pay a lot of money for false hope and you do a lot of damage.
And so- You've said many times that the FDA brand is, it means something, it means something in this country, it means something globally.
And when we talk about accelerating- The FDA brand, wow, the FDA brand is going to be blamed
for the destruction of the COVID shot.
The FDA brand is the whole reason why the world decided to trust and to take transfection as a vaccine.
Again, I'm using their terms and I shouldn't be.
But essentially, that's the reality.
And so they are setting up the FDA in the United States to be controlled demolished under the pretense that we're to blame for this mess.
And they're doing it happily.
First, by seeding a narrative, a narrative, an illusion of consensus that the FDA brand is one of the most powerful and important brands on earth.
We're not talking about watering down the brand.
We're talking about speeding effective products to market.
We're not talking about lowering the standards for what it does.
Cutting the unnecessary steps, the red tape, the steps that people are very clear, like people here are very clear, like we don't need to be doing this in this way.
People on the outside saying we're submitting this stuff and nobody is using this information.
It's unnecessary information.
So we want to keep the integrity of the scientific process.
But we want to see more cures and meaningful treatments for the American public.
And the FDA, as you said, is an amazing brand, one of the best brands of any brand in the world.
I mean, my grandfather overseas, he relied on that FDA brand as a... Ta-da!
My grandfather relied on the FDA brand.
It's a world brand.
Therefore, we can blame this on the FDA.
And the world will blame it on the FDA.
And these people, this theater, will orchestrate it.
clinician.
And so he was a pharmacist, clinical pharmacist.
So I think there's a lot we can do.
And one of the cool parts of being in leadership at the FDA is you get to see things in the pipeline.
His grandfather overseas, yeah, overseas, wherever that was, I guess that might be the UK, maybe it's Egypt.
that are, um, they look amazing.
I mean, we can't say they're amazing, but they, they sound promising.
They have plausible mechanisms.
They have, you know, what doesn't have a plausible mechanism is ivermectin and it's curing of cancer or ivermectin and it's curing of COVID.
You know, what doesn't have a plausible mechanism?
is statins and the decreasing of cholesterol.
You know what doesn't have a plausible mechanism is the surgery, surgical removal of stomach ulcers.
You know what doesn't have a plausible mechanism of action?
Transfection to alter a healthy human being, a healthy person, a healthy child, a healthy grandmother, a healthy newborn, a healthy pregnant woman.
And I can't think of any good reason to transfect a sick one either.
And these people will never get there just like they will never get to questioning the premise of the whole pandemic that, you know, 220 different EUA-granted PCR tests are capable of defining what the pandemic was in 2020 through 2022.
This malevolent traitor to our American grandkids will never turn around and look back
and exercise the authority and mandate of the FDA to patrol safe and effectivity on the products that put this trap in place.
Holy shit.
Incredible preclinical data.
And so when you see something like that, especially coming right out of a clinical setting, you think, oh my gosh, like what can we do as a, as you know, the human race to try to ensure
this to be available and accessible in a way that we can safeguard public safety to keep to our charge to improve things as safe and effective.
Right.
So something you both are talking about, right, is to accelerate cures.
You have to maintain that rigor and that standard.
And so maybe unpack a little bit some of the strategic principles you outlined of how do you reduce that time, right?
This podcast is not regulation.
This podcast is not FDA.
This podcast is not what Estes Kefauver had envisioned.
This podcast is not helping America.
This podcast is a malevolent show, probably scripted by Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan because they themselves have confessed that they believe the FDA is a shithole, that it needs to get out of the way, that it's always been in the way, that it's always a problem.
And it's a problem because understanding
pursuing the goals of the Human Genome Project, the FDA is definitely in the way.
Talk about things like animal testing and these process inefficiencies and these long applications, right?
Those are all steps as part of this, right?
Yeah.
So, I mean, we talk about animal testing, we talk about perhaps a prior... We talk about, and they are passing the text of the paper that they supposedly wrote together and published yesterday back and forth to make sure that they can remember what they wrote about.
Stop lying.
It makes me want to vomit.
Already a review system where we can shave even more time off the review, where the bulk of the review is looking at parts of the application that don't pertain to the pivotal trial results.
So let's do that work while we're waiting for the pivotal trial to result so that we can pivot very quickly when the pivotal trial results.
And that's most of the application.
I got to go play basketball with my sons.
I just want you to see this.
Look.
I think one of the six months with a priority voucher,
And it has two, I think, really... ...on these things.
And of course, the big one is our dietary guidelines.
So the secretary has asked us to work... So they're going to do new dietary guidelines.
And the other thing that's in this video that I may start with tomorrow because it's so shitty.
is that they're gonna tell you how they're gonna get rid of animal trials because toxicology studies can now be done on AI.
You know, like the domain server that Robert Malone used to identify silicoxib and famotidine and ivermectin and remdesivir at the beginning of the pandemic.
That same technology is gonna be used by the FDA to eliminate animal studies and streamline the approval process
Please, ladies and gentlemen, understand that America is under attack and the only people who are telling you the truth are me and Mark Kulak and Joe Marshall.
Please, ladies and gentlemen, please, I'm begging you, see.
Please open your eyes and see it.
We don't have much time.
We don't have much time to teach this to our children.
I got to go play basketball because I'm trying to get in shape so that I can put a new channel together that will change the world or at least start it moving in a way that this program is unable to do because the internet blocks it.
So please share it manually.
Please share it as often as you can, ladies and gentlemen.
The truth is out there.
All you got to do is look for it.
And it ain't from him.
One thing I am confident of from everything I've read is that this RNA exists.
You can capture it.
You can sequence it.
You can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
No.
No, you can't.
Get off social media, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm going to basketball.
I love you very much and I'll see you again tomorrow.
The board man gets paid, baby.